* Goals for today
  ~ ( ) meeting at 1pm with Grieg
  ~ (x) more empirical experimentation to see how the software a-priori combines melodies (can
	be useful for tweaking phase). -> more pretty examples for Grieg. Shows that something
	has been happening (ex. here is the good results, but here are the difficulties that
	have been going on and are lying ahead).
  ~ (_) see how the network actually creates its models. Want to know where can extend it to
  -- Add your own training data
  -- modify it so that it can take: 2 melodies and 1 number $|\in [-1,1]|$ representing
	 "prettiness/harmony/melodiousness".
  ~ (x) Improve signature combination (alternate?)
  ~ (x) Make a nicer wrapper around it
  -- You want to be able to select a signature, and create a text-prompt
  -- You want an API call for it.
  ~ (-) Make the prompts auto-generate! Need to figure out if want quiz or other
  ~ (=) Give description to every base signature
  ~ ( ) figure out if there is a way for the AI to make it sound like it finishes
  ~ ( ) more Prompt engineering
  ~ (x) Add prompts to base_signatures
  ~ ( ) Get what is working so far on Colab
  ~ (x) rate signatures
  ~ ( ) Create proper database for storing signature info and adjective info
  ~ ( ) Figure out server stuff.
  ~~  ( ) Initialize and put files there
  ~~  ( ) Create the appropriate API's and keys
  ~~  ( ) Run it
  ~ ( ) Create a UI




* ideas
  - possibly make each signature have a nice "conclusion" (fade out, or musically, etc.)
  - Instead of AI learning what is unmelodic, just have unmelodic base-cases which we try
	to figure out how to prompt-engineer to keep it.
  - For making it disharmonious, play with the base-combination!
  - Figure out if there is a way for the AI to change the original as little as possible!


* interesting prompts
  - terrible sounding music on piano and guitar played by a toddler
  - melancholic soft slow romantic piano professional melodic
  - grand-piano with an energetic player who is proud and alive
  - soft jazz with light violin tunes
  - light jazzy violin with soft vibes

* worries
  - That the AI will produce unreliable results.
  - I don't want signature to remember the path of the signature, but rn it will be
	a hacky fix for the AI object to work. FIX THIS!
  -

* Concretely, how will this run
  For now, the __init__.py will execute and it will run
